(2) This chat took place 5 minutes after Jordenelle (Jay) performed a Reiki Session on me - my very first. Reiki healers use universal energy to heal at an energetic, beyond physical inner level. We talk about the experience for both of us and Jay takes us to schoooool with spiritually healing convo. Jay and I talk about manifestation, visualizations, higher selves, healing stones, being an energetic self in a physical body, meditation, being 'one', plants, using earths' natural resources for healing, walking barefoot, and drinkin copper-water. We dive into the powers of control and conformity, we cover some antidotes to the fear plandemic and we stop by my own fears of seeing myself as an artist. In this talk, we offer an open door of possibility for those in search of ways to find the present moment, for those falling through the doors of spirituality, and for those looking for tips and tricks to combat depression and anxiety.
Food becomes thoughts - we speak on the importance of the digestion system and self tummy care, as well as the "ingestion" of mental junk food (social media, news, negative inner/outer talk) We hit on unstructured movement, showing kindness, setting boundaries, the effects of social media habits on our self-image, loving your body, and dancing through your soul. (ask yourself, am I dancing from the center of my heart?) We talk about different forms of dancing, about art, creation, allowing yourself to 'just be', shifting your frequency, channeling, surrendering expectations, and using your paintbrush to create.
I tell my story about experiencing Murray Hidary's "MindTravel" sound journey, we speak on Shamans and the role of healers in tribes, we talk about the importance of our words, learning from past experiences, judging and the healing journey. We talk about shifting in and out of friendships based on our own lives, about the importance of support in spirituality within partnerships, about twin flames, and sharing frequency through voice.   
Jay shifts mindsets. She's an inspiration to anyone itching to free themselves of the world's imposed restraints. She's fantastic energy, a bit witchy, always sweet, and full of knowledge. I genuinely feel happier when she's around. I'll bet she has that effect on most people. 
To catch up with Jordenelle - find her on instagram @celestial_gypsy_witch - Where she shares info about healing, books reiki sessions, and inspires people all over the world to become themselves. 


Notable Quotes from the episode - 

"Reminding that person (yourself at a younger age) that you are loved, you are worthy."
"I deserve to be here. I want to be here. I love to be grounded. I am an artist. People enjoy my creations. My art matters. I am a good person. I allow my light to shine. I want to be here. I love having a physical vessel."
"just forgive it, don't hold it, it's so heavy."
"Do you even want everyone to be sexually attracted to you?"




The Junkyard Love Podcast
Episode 50
July 31, 2020

★ Episode details: https://share.transistor.fm/s/996fda88
★ Additional episodes:
