Josh Gebhardt is a successful Director Of Sales at a large business and travel expense management company based in the Pacific Northwest. Since I've known him, Josh has exuded flair and confidence - and in this episode, I attempt to draw a deeper understanding on how he placed himself in the positions he is in, and how he built up such inspiring levels of authenticity, confidence, and action in the face of adversity. Mr. Gebhardt intertwines his work with purpose and fulfillment and sparks interior lights of self-belief in others by simply exuding his genuine self. Josh talks being one of the only people in the room without a college degree, creating a brotherhood environment amongst co-workers, pushing social limits, expanding comfort zones, removing barriers with action, and being confident in his sexuality. We talk being 'liked' and magnetic to the right types of people, balancing different aspects of our personalities, the influence of social media on our behaviors, attracting certain types of relationships and friends, chasing wrong connections, showing vulnerability, and the difficulty of "trying" to be authentic all the time. Josh questions me on some of my influences as an artist, and we talk about our past experiences with music, singing, festivals, twelve dollar beers, and dancing our faces off. I hope you find some value in mining the heart and mind of the wonderful Josh Gebhardt - as I know I sure did. If you enjoyed this episode - consider hitting like, following or sharing with a friend. Any interaction helps more people hear the podcast, which hopefully, in turn, helps individuals love themselves more deeply. Checkout Josh's feed on instagram @joshgeb and we'll see you next episode. Thanks for listening.

A couple good quotes I grabbed while listening back:
"I was always able to be 100% myself, My family always made me feel like I could do anything I wanted to do."
"I had the chance to be myself without any baggage of who you think you are, or the way you grow up, or who you're around, or pressures of hurting the people around you by being your authentic self." 
"I would prep, I would give myself a pep talk on the way in the car - I'd be like 'Ok you're gonna go to the bar, you're going by yourself, you don't have a single friend, you don't know a single person in L.A. - you have to go and have the ability to start a conversation with someone face to face - and so I would do that, just go to the bar and approach people."
