'Sandy encountered the path of meditation after living with crippling depression and anxiety for most of her teen years. Through practicing self-transformation methods, she learned how to self-heal mental, emotional, physical trauma, and break generational patterns. Today, Sandy speaks on stages, hosts live events, and facilitates experiences for people to remember their true nature.'
Sandy Vo really shows up for this chat. Her wise responses to my abstract and lucid questioning are deeply felt and communicated with grace. In this conversation, we each share some of our journey with depression, spirituality, and awakening with one another, we speak about consciousness, we define spiritual awakening, we discuss technology and its effects on modern spiritual beliefs, we talk about the Self, ego and "I". We talk the connectedness of all beings, the emphasis on the body and meditation, burnout, core values, saying yes when you wanna say no, and tons more. This was a great conversation and I'm grateful for the opportunity to have such a platform for these sorts of discussions. If you enjoyed this convo with Sandy as much as I did, consider giving it a quick thumbs-up, rating, share or follow. See ya next episode, thanks for listening. 

For more on Sandy - check out her website https://www.sandyvo.com/
subscribe to her podcast: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/prosperous/id1321799656
follow her on Instagram: isandyvo

Some fire quotes from Sandy this episode:
“We are spirits having a human experience”
“You are here to learn and practice how to be human”
“Pressure might work to create diamonds, but constant applied pressure on a human being is going to completely burn that human out.”
“When you don’t know how to befriend the ego, or you don’t know how to offer it the types of internal technologies that it needs in order to thrive, that's when the ego starts believing more information from the unconscious part of the mind, versus the conscious or superconscious part of the mind.”
“Don’t judge yourself for judging, because that’s what the mind does. Just be aware of it.”
“The greatest gift of life is to be present, to receive what is in front of you”
“Most people that cross your boundaries don’t know that they’re actually crossing them.”
"A Spiritual Awakening is waking up to your spiritual nature"

(The video version of this podcast is available on youtube)


The Junkyard Love Podcast
Episode 82
December 27, 2021

★ Episode details: https://share.transistor.fm/s/d8ccf795
★ Additional episodes:
