Kelly St. Onge is an Artistically Science-Minded Mathematician with dreams of being an Astronaut. Attending college courses in Bellingham, Longview, Vancouver, and Portland - Kelly has thus far completed classes in Engineering Physics, Trigonometry, Pre-Calculus through Calc-4, Linear Algebra, Differential Equations, Discrete Math, Java, Data Structure, C++ Programming, and many more (that I think he casually breezed over). Kelly's interests are vast, from Rick and Morty to Star Wars, Travis Scott to Hall N Oates, from people to robots and football to snowboarding - he's passionate about learning, living life with a smile, and deep dirty heavy filthy, bass. We begin with a scaffolding of Mathematics, Science, Quantum Physics, Quantum Computing, and Artificial Intelligence. We touch on lots of things math and science: Layers of abstraction, bits, programming, compiling, machine code, particles, superposition, prime numbers, infinite numbers, induction and some current progressions surrounding A.I. - and we swing by Schrodingers Cat, A-Ha Moments, De-bugging YO' SELF, The Mandolorian, Malicious Compliance, The Singularity, Kung-Fu Panda, and even Illegal Numbers. Kelly and I together try to use silly analogies, broad terminologies, terrible accents, a couple of beers and a long-lasting friendship to hopefully open up new possibilities and understandings for listeners. Science, Math, Music... it's all Art. It's all language for the taking. Not blocked off for any certain types or caged by any One Way-sayers. Being open, friendly, and interested can bring you great knowledge and companionship. When Kelly and I first met I had recently graduated high school and fell in love with electronic music - we bonded over Bassnectar's Divergent Spectrum album and soon after he actually taught me the basics of djing and let me take home his Dj Controller to practice. Who knew that his kindness and our mutual love for music would catapult a friendship through a decade of adventures? Cheers to many more, Sir K3lls.

What program are you running? is it time to upgrade your mental software? Can you De-bug your own system? When you learn processes pertaining to new knowledge, how can you return those same processes inward towards old stories? Create the mental structure that is sensible to you and start listening to, or searching for - the wisdom that surrounds us all. Be well.
