The Sense-Making Sickness Series is a Junkyard Love Podcast side-step towards creative conversation, collaboration, and problem-solving surrounding the events unfolding in many of our daily lived realities. The episodes in this series remain a part of the larger Junkyard Love Podcast while having a certain flair and spark of their own. These conversations hold no misconceptions of grandeur and though the subjects at hand are often very serious - I approach them without taking myself to be immensely serious, correct, full of wisdom, or as an arbiter of all the right answers. I merely seek to shine a light on different ways of perceiving information and understanding one another. With these talks; I hope to usher in internal epiphany within listeners, I hope to spark broader conversations of the sort, and I hope to unwind narratives within us that no longer serve our best interests. 
This chat takes place with Abrielle Dunn, whom had no indication that this conversation would be posted under "The SenseMaking Sickness Series" here on the podcast until nearing the end of the 3.5 hour talk. Abrielle and I often find ourselves writing and contemplating back and forth to one another surrounding these similar subjects - so the natural candor of these curious and metacognitive discussions are not unusual to our friendship or natural ways of speaking to one another. 
This conversation covers a bit of the madness of the western world, the deceit of "bad othering", delusions of truth through our media channels, conspiracy theories, false news narratives, emotional regulation, blindly living different realities, tribalism, mistaken authenticity, living the WWE reality, getting caught in kayfabe, political LARPing, the race to the bottom of the brain stem, societal trauma, cultural shadow, gratitude, being unknowingly lost in our minds, relating to others, bringing compassion to others, trump-ism, woke-ism, belief systems, projection, the downfalls of close-mindedness, the fluidity of life, general mental illness, our mistaken identities, addiction, the art of listening, the importance of accurate conversation, thinking differently than others, accidental victim mindsets, fast-moving technology and algorithmic changes of who we are and how we interact with one another, relaying and relating to one another, changing our narratives, false panic, the race to the bottom of the brain stem, reporters, truth, camera angles, companies and corporations, looking through different windows, echo chambers, and horse sized ducks. 

If you enjoyed the episode, consider leaving a review, a like, a comment or hitting subscribe. For the first episode of the Sense-Making Sickness Series - checkout episode 059 with Spencer Hicks, and for more info on Abrielle - listen back to episode 062. 
Follow Abrielle on instagram @abriellehayley and to stay updated on Junkyard Love news - follow @jacobfromtheinternet on instagram
