0100 JacobFromTheInternet - Mystical Experience And Spiritual Practice To Radically Change The Mind
-----DESC-----
"This is how a human being can change: There's a worm addicted to eating grape leaves. Suddenly. He wakes up, call it Grace, whatever, something wakes him, and he's no longer a worm. He's the entire vineyard, and orchard too, the fruit, the trunks, a growing wisdom and joy that doesn't need to devour." Rumi

0:00 - 22:00 - solocast intro
The interview starts at 22:36

I was recently a guest on "The Spiritual Awakening Show" and the last 100 minutes of this episode is that conversation, where the first 22 is a solocast of me blabbering on about my spiritual puberty and hitting 100 episodes. I share my experience having what I've grown to know as "A Kundalini Awakening" and some of my journey along the way. A Spiritual Awakening is very personal and not for everyone to have to know or understand deeply, it is work done by the individual experiencing the change in consciousness. I find myself in a peculiar spot to share some of the journey through my online voice and reach, and that's what I am doing here. Thanks for listening!

More on Brent's show: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx__XZx3hwg


“So, you have to ask yourself: do you think human creativity matters?
Well, hmm.
Most people don’t spend a lot of time thinking about poetry, right?
They have a life to live and they’re not really that concerned with Allen Ginsberg’s poems or anybody’s poems.

Until; their father dies, they go to a funeral, you lose a child, somebody breaks your heart, they don’t love you anymore, and all the sudden, you’re desperate for making sense out of this life, and
‘Has anybody ever felt this bad before? How did they come out of this cloud?’

 - Or the inverse; something great. You meet somebody and your heart explodes, you love them so much you can’t even see straight, you know, you’re dizzy. 
‘Did anybody feel like this before? What is happening to me?’

And that’s when art’s not a luxury, it’s actually sustenance. We need it.

OK. Well, what is it?
Human Creativity is Nature manifest in us. 
I believe that we are here on this star and space to try to help one another.
And first, we have to survive, and then we have to thrive.
And to thrive, to express ourselves, alright, well, here’s the rub: we have to know ourselves.
What do you love?
And if you get close to what you love, who you are is revealed to you, and it expands. 

Whenever you talk about creativity, it can have this kind of feel that it’s just nice, or it’s warm or it’s something pleasant.
It’s not.
It’s vital.
It’s the way we heal each other.

In singing our song, in telling our story, in inviting you to say ‘Hey, listen to me, and I’ll listen to you,” - we’re starting a dialogue, and when you do that, this healing happens, and we come out of our corners, and we start to witness each other’s common humanity, we start to assert it. And when we do that, really good things happen. So, if you want to help your community, if you want to help your family, if you want to help your friends, you have to express yourself. And to express yourself, you have to know yourself.
It’s actually super easy. 
You just have to follow your love.

There is no path.
There’s no path till you walk it,
and you have to be willing to play the fool.”

 - Ethan Hawke
-----CHAPS-----
[{"start_time": 0, "title": "solocast intro", "end_time": 1356}, {"start_time": 1356, "title": "The interview starts", "end_time": 7463}]
