Makaio brings a wise perspective and serene demeanor to The Junkyard Love Podcast table. He's a chameleon personality with wisdom from experience. His next piece of writing should be titled " How To Be Sincerely Chillin". We peel back some layers of the conversation by discussing the everchanging persona and ever-growing friendships that come and go. We talk about high school friendships, best friends, guardian friends, and the power of the homie council. We touch on how to fluently shift to new vibes, Mak offers his view on some abstract education system questions as a school counselor, and we talk about the power of mantra "Someone always needs you." We swap some poor kid battle stories, we talk about our past perspectives and upbringings, and then we offer space for one another to share vulnerable areas of our identities and souls. "You Give Things Power" - Makaio offers his experience and lens on racism being black in a primarily white community and allows me room to stumble through awkward questions around the subject. We talk the response to bullshit, people just wanting a reaction, worrying about your own circle, self-improvement, social media and mass manipulation, mental health, influence, technology, and the future minds of young people. I accurately predict the unveiling of aliens two weeks before it happened, we talk conspiracies, feeling like a burden, seeing through the facade, and the wonderful dance of being a human. 
Makaio's the undesignated group sage, he can sing his ass off after a little whiskey, and he has a poetry book he never tells anybody about. He's great energy and filled with introspective artistic thought that's uncorked through friendship level inquisition. Even this long-form conversation podcast is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to knowing one another, we are all ever-changing and evolving chameleons and the growth mindset assures we never stay the same when it's time to change. I'm grateful for this space to express ourselves and small slivers of our own stories, in hopes to make those with similar stories feel a deeper sense of belonging. To all who read this - I wish you well. Drink some damn water. Cheers

(This conversation was recorded June 17th 2020)
