This is a powerful episode. We've got Nate back and he's accompanied by the Founder of Vancouver Elite Outreach - Matt Young. V.E.O is a non-profit in Vancouver Washington focused on creating opportunities for youth in the community. Through sports and mentorship, Matt Young and his crew at Vancouver Elite Outreach teach team-building, leadership, hard work, confidence, determination, self-worth - all through adversity and eye-to-eye authenticity. Nate is a motivator, influencer, videographer, stunt-rider and soon to be father - Matt is a dad, a coach, a husband, and teacher - together the three of us reach important edges of conversation and bring a unique lens and story to the discussion. We talk awakening to higher self, fighting the ugly within, selfishness, the poverty mentality, and blessings being taken by judgments. We touch on hip-hop and social media influence, marketing strategies against our best interest, digging for affirmations, and your problem becoming your purpose. "We believe in enhancing the individual to be the best version of themselves, and we believe in thinking differently. Better mind, better lifestyle." - Matt drops heat after heat explaining the backstory and values of V.E.O. and it takes us to great corners of our chat - where we discuss the ego, self-fulfillment, suicidal thoughts, becoming men, clinging to your narrative, re-writing your story, sub-conscious sabotage, psychological knots, and the victim mentality. Nate and Matt both boldly share very personal and life-altering learning experiences and we talk a bit on today's current messy social and confusing political climates. We cover negative self-talk, starting with "why", fastings from things that pull you, apologizing, and being slave to distractions. We talk about humility, always finding the solution, listening when life speaks, spending money on self-development, and the fact that personal growth isn't "sexy" in the mainstream. We talk God, mentorship, the power of forgiveness, focusing on yourself, acting in the grace that you need, the power of grit, inspiration by action, segregation, racism, protests, arguments, and empathy. The three of us try to make sense of the division happening in the world right now, we brainstorm some ways to make a real and actual difference and attempt to bring new ways of thinking more abstractly about the problems our country is faced with. We "give out the game" and talk undervaluing people's work, craft, and worth. We stretch out our thoughts on self, identifying weaknesses, fear making us sick, mastering identity, operating without fear and seeing fear for what it truly is... 

I really feel like we talked about great points that bring value and thought provocation to the outside world's conversation. For more on Nate, checkout our latter episodes and follow him on insta @nastynate_jr and Youtube @Nasty Nate. Matt is available through their website, https://www.vancouvereliteoutreach.org/ - on instagram @vancouvereliteoutreach, and on Youtube @#VEO Young. 

If you'd consider sharing or leaving a positive review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Thanks for listening!
